README.md, before:

# DataScience_Assignment_4  
February 12, 2019  
Scott McEachern 

  
---
## PyCity School Analysis  




---  
## Results  
Outlined below are the results of the analysis of the school data.
  
##### Figure 1: District Summary 
![District Summary](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/DistrictSummary.png)
  
##### Figure 2: School Summary
![School Summary](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/SchoolSummary.png)
  
##### Figure 3: Top Performing Schools (By Passing Rate)  
![Top Performing Schools](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/TopPerformingSchools_ByPassingRate.png)
  
##### Figure 4: Bottom Performing Schools (By Passing Rate)  
![Bottom Performing Schools](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/BottomPerformingSchools_ByPassingRate.png)

##### Figure 5: Math Scores by Grade  
![Math Scores By Grade](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/MathScoresByGrade.png)

##### Figure 6: Reading Scores by Grade
![Reading Scores by Grade](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ReadingScoresByGrade.png)

##### Figure 7: Scores by School Spending  
![Scores by School Spending](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolSpending.png)

##### Figure 8: Scores by School Size  
![Scores by School Size](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolSize.png)

##### Figure 9: Scores by School Type  
![Scores by School Type](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolType.png)

Commit message:

Updated readme with analysis information.

README.md, after:

# DataScience_Assignment_4  
February 12, 2019  
Scott McEachern 

  
---
## PyCity School Analysis  
The analysis of the school has identified the following observable trends:

###### 1 School Type Matters 
Those schools that had the school type of charter had a better overall achievement. The overall passting rate for charter schools was 95.2% while district schools was only 73.8% (Figure 9). The top 5 performing schools are all charter schools (Figure 3) while the bottom 5 performing schools are district (Figure 4)

###### 2 Greater Spending does not result in better results
The schools that had the least amount of spending per student, under $600 per student, had the best overall passing rate of 95.1%.  The schools that had the greatest amount of spending per student, between $650 and $657, had the worst overall passting rate of 73.7% (Figure 7).  

###### 3 Large Schools are outperformed by smaller schools
The large schools with a student population of 2000-5000 have the lowest overall performance, 75.4%, when compared to smaller schools. Small schools (<1000) had an overall passing rate of 95.0% while and medium schools (1000-2000) had a rate of 95.2% (Figure 8)
  
  
---  
## Results  
Outlined below are the results of the analysis of the school data.
  
##### Figure 1: District Summary 
![District Summary](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/DistrictSummary.png)
  
##### Figure 2: School Summary
![School Summary](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/SchoolSummary.png)
  
##### Figure 3: Top Performing Schools (By Passing Rate)  
![Top Performing Schools](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/TopPerformingSchools_ByPassingRate.png)
  
##### Figure 4: Bottom Performing Schools (By Passing Rate)  
![Bottom Performing Schools](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/BottomPerformingSchools_ByPassingRate.png)

##### Figure 5: Math Scores by Grade  
![Math Scores By Grade](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/MathScoresByGrade.png)

##### Figure 6: Reading Scores by Grade
![Reading Scores by Grade](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ReadingScoresByGrade.png)

##### Figure 7: Scores by School Spending  
![Scores by School Spending](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolSpending.png)

##### Figure 8: Scores by School Size  
![Scores by School Size](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolSize.png)

##### Figure 9: Scores by School Type  
![Scores by School Type](https://github.com/normalfactory/DataScience_Assignment_4/blob/master/Results/ScoresBySchoolType.png)
